doc: Document mTLS with rotated certificates in Kubernetes (#31913)
akka/akka: akka-docs/src/main/paradox/general/remoting.md

address than the one used for establishing connections between Akka nodes.
See @ref:[Akka behind NAT or in a Docker container](../remoting-artery.md#remote-configuration-nat-artery).

> ### Service mesh

Author: added this here because it's related to "Peer-to-Peer vs. Client-Server"

> In a Kubernetes environment, many people turn to a service mesh such as Istio, Linkerd or Consul to authenticate and
> encrypt their network communications, however this is not an option for Akka cluster communication.
> The goal of a service mesh is to ensure that services do not need to be aware of where and how the services they
> talk to are deployed, and so service meshes hide this, so the service thinks its only talking to one logical service,
> while the service mesh handles concerns such as load balancing, encryption, authentication and authorization, and so on.
> Akka clusters however need to understand how and where they are deployed, in order to implement their stateful
> features such as sharding, replication and peer-to-peer messaging. So, when deploying a service that uses
> Akka Cluster to a service mesh, the Akka Cluster communication must bypass the service mesh.
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In a Kubernetes environment, many people turn to a service mesh such as Istio, Linkerd or Consul to authenticate and
encrypt their network communications, however this is not an option for Akka cluster communication.
The goal of a service mesh is to ensure that services do not need to be aware of where and how the services they
talk to are deployed, a service mesh hide this, a client thinks its only talking to one logical service,
while the service mesh handles concerns such as load balancing, encryption, authentication and authorization, and so on.
Akka clusters however need to understand how and where the individual nodes are deployed, in order to implement their stateful
features such as sharding, replication and peer-to-peer messaging. When deploying a service that uses
Akka Cluster to a service mesh, the Akka Cluster communication must bypass the service mesh.

```
